Next, let's focus on some core metrics for
understanding the current state of the Sparkify business.
These numbers would be so important to your entire team.
They'd be displayed on dashboards throughout
your company and every team would check them regularly.
In fact, your CEO would probably check
them first thing every morning when she eats her breakfast.
The first key metric is monthly active users.
The number of unique users who listened to at least one song in the past month.
Rather than looking at the total number of accounts,
this number gives you a better sense of
how many people are using your site on a regular basis.
We'll also calculate the daily active users for each day in the past month.
Both the total number and the percentage of the monthly active users.
The daily actives help your team understand how engaged your users are.
Do they casually use Sparkify every now and
then or does your service keep them coming back every day?
We'll also calculate the total number of
paid and unpaid users as well as the total ads served in the past month.
These metrics tied directly to the monthly revenue that Sparkify earns.